# metatrader

# Pure Arbitrage Multi-Pair Trading Bots

The Master and Slave mq4 files use an interprocess communication library called FX Blue Quick Channel for cross-communicating currency exchange rates across two different brokers, and placing opposite-direction same-pair trades when significant discrepancies are seen.  When the net value of the two trades come into profit after the exchange rates return to non-discrepant levels, profits are taken.

# MA_Channel_Stochastic_02.mq5

This Expert Advisor is intended to be used as an alert system to help manual traders.

Every alert generated by this script will continue until
a trade is opened or until a new bar begins.  These have
to occur on the platform where the script is running for
an alert to stop.  Also, to stop an alert, the code could
be changed and compiled, or the EA could be removed from
the chart.

This MQL5 Expert Advisor script automates alerts for the following strategy:

On a 4-hour chart, create two pairs of moving average
indicators as follows:
  1)  72-period Simple Moving Average of the highs
  2)  72-period Simple Moving Average of the lows
  3)  12-period Exponential Moving Average of the highs
  4)  12-period Exponential Moving Average of the lows

This sets up two bands or channels.

When the 12-period moving average band sits above the
72-period band, we consider the trend to be up.  When this
condition holds true, we will only take long trades.
       
When the 12-period moving average band sits below the
72-period band, we consider the trend to be down.  When this
condition holds true, we will only take short trades.

We do not open trades when any parts of the two bands are
touching or overlapping.

The trade entry signal is the Stochastic indicator with
a %K period of 14, a %D period of 3, and a smoothing value
of 3.

For long trades, we look for the %K value to cross above
the %D value after the %K value has dropped below the 65 level.

For short trades, we look for the %K line to cross below
the %D value after the %K value has risen above the 35 level.

The MQL5 Expert Advisor MA_Channel_Stochastic_01.mq5 issues an alert just once per signal
(coded to play MT5's alert.wav 20 times with 2-second pauses between each chime - this should
be enough to wake a person up if they're sleeping within earshot of their computer; if not,
the delay and number of repeats are coded as parameters the trader can set to desired values),
rather than chiming incessantly as long as the signal is seen.
